okay so this is my battle vs pie OH PAH
I don't know what to say his name but
it's like that sound the guy makes in
that one game bro okay so yeah my team
is loosely over you guys so I feel sort
of bad but um yeah you'll see what
happens anyway he got credit so a free
box but I was just able all out and try
to kill it I knew it had a focused thing
because I sauce other videos and you
should too so look up this thing i'll
put a link in the side so baton
I was trying to get rid of these extra
bonus thing try using more so waste
there yum yum yeah so negate all of his
pretty hard work cheese they're singing
around shut up um there we go
exeggutor awesome so I thought you'd use
like energy ball or something or psychic
so either way I sent out David and
David's gonna try to set up with a
dragon dance
I knew he's going to use that I swear
everything has a nice punch yay I got
set up so now I'm just going to go all
out and try to drag and I mean outraged
this guy the desk and it works and it I
try to keep it up here
it's that guy he keeps using sneak and
protect okay I don't know what happened
to my color here but I tried to fix it
with my hand and it didn't work so how
did you use protect twice in a row I
swear okay so I'm confused now and I'm
pretty mad so I'm just gonna use fire
punch because I did pick you a baton
pass because I don't learn and Lulu
there's this guy for me nothing's
awesome so I'm almost dead it kills me
thank you I colors sort of returning now
but it's really blurry I don't know what
the heck was happening alright so i'm
going to send out my defense school that
I want them some
Raven it's gonna set up some stupid
rocks but instead I use war cuz I'm
annoying so I got the stupid psychic guy
back out and I got fire punched out yep
and i had to leftovers all my guys i
forgot i thought this guy had a lung
Barry so I apologize he doesn't have a
lung Barry I don't die from fire punch
because of
so yeah I do feel that bad but we didn't
establish an item cause so this guy is
out and I'm just gonna throw so I'm
gonna do it or not oh yeah I tried to
kill I try to hear what roost but of
course he's gonna kill me with some
ridiculous thing and I second now yeah
ancient powers trying to raise his stats
a well snuggle work so it's not a fubar
Soulja and every soldier is going to
kill with pursued take that he's got
owned a pursuit that's like the second
time I've ever seen it work though it
was pretty happy
crap i hate umbreon you don't know how
much I hate umbreon like everything I
hate it I couldn't even get one attack
out with my left a fire I swear I can
get one attack out but I was sticking
with you keep hating myself in the face
like he didn't have to use protect I
just kept punching myself he left a
meijer wake up but no protect it doesn't
matter because I'm punching myself I die
wait what happens my music
let's just play it again
yeah skipping back out my all-purpose
wall which doesn't work very well but I
tried to do as much damage as damaged as
I could right now destroy them which
isn't working
dark pulse is hurting
the reason I'm living here is also cup
of leftovers so yes I feel bad again I'm
sorry
I actually got another quake out
ok now I'm just trying to use stupid
water hall because of torrents which
would give it a bit more power I don't
know how much more but whatever they
were to do more than earthquake so keeps
using sticky cookies red which is
illegal
okay i flinch which makes me really mad
I'm just like oh so unfortunate oh well
it's gonna kill me and I die I'm dark
pulse I'm used to ray foxes given
revenge one which works pretty well but
oh well deoxys he out there the off
season is going to kill you too super
power in the meadow work so Diaw chris
is like super super super power you
can't stop deoxys in the superpower
okay the song is really stupid I'm gonna
go mom dying so deoxys is dying
whatever it is I'm going to be also
yeah deoxys is
okay weird all right so I think he's
going to switch right now but I'm going
to keep using super power because it's
super power what do you think I'm gonna
do
all right so he's gonna out oh if I was
faster than even know are you shadow
ball because it's convenient and it died
and I died cuz of life work which I
probably didn't need in the long run but
why I
great I customers gonna use protect but
he didn't and so whenever I use Brooke
break anyway that only breaks through
like a light screen and stuff I thought
who would need it'll break your
protector so I used it anyway and died
because of self rock what the heck is
this thing who has one of these things
I'd like the end of their party like oh
no I'm gonna lose age throw this giant
behemoth of a stupid whatever I thought
it's gonna be a bronze along I always
been really upset but ok so uses rock
blasting to call mana think it's gonna
kill me because you know it's a
multi-hit attack and it will just negate
my focus dash but it didn't so it was
like saying things and I didn't die so
that goes pretty cool
right now I'm buddy is by shard
because I thought it would freeze them
eventually but no that's not one of its
effects and it goes to sleep eat alum
barrier chew so very aware
I don't know what I'm doing the
Heisenberg break it has an effect that
have whatever super effective so could
just on dark Falls and went for a creek
now look lik you
have you it's gonna eat you so hitting
over the deer